Alfalfa
alfalfa.jpg
Alfalfa is a perennial flowering plant in the pea family, and is grows naturally in the US, Canada, Argentina, France, Australia and elsewhere around the world. It has been cultivated since ancient times and has been used as an herbal medicine to treat digestive disorders and heal wounds. It's a powerful active ingredient in skincare for its high concentrations of vitamins C, D, E and K, and helps promote skin regeneration and cell renewal, therefore helping in the healing of damaged skin. As an antioxidant, it protects cells from environmental damage inflicted by free radicals.

Apricots
apricots.jpg
Rich in minerals, vitamins, proteins and essential fatty acids, Apricot Kernel Oil is nourishing and moisturizing. Apricot Seed Powder, ground into microspherical beads, are a physical exfoliating agent in our Regenerate Cleanser and help slough away dead skin cells to reveal brightened, clean skin underneath.

Arnica
arnica.jpg
Arnica is a small yellow flower that has been used medicinally for centuries to promote healing in the body and skin and to reduce inflammation and pain. Applied externally, arnica is powerful for treating and relieving stress in tired muscles and tissues, and when used in skincare it helps increase the rate of healing in the skin as well as soothe irritation with antibacterial and anti-inflammatory qualities, making it perfect for treating skin conditions such as eczema and acne.

Avocado Oil
avocado.jpg
Avocado oil is a potent skin moisturizer that offers amazing nourishing, smoothing and softening benefits for the skin. Full of healthy fats, vitamins A, D and E, avocado can help relieve eczema, red skin or itchy irritation. Highly nutritious, avocado oil helps maintain a healthy, balanced skin tone that glows with health.

Bergamot
bergamot.jpg
Bergamot extract has powerful antiseptic, antibacterial and toning qualities that help treat acne, inflammation and congestion in the skin, as well as accelerate healing. Bergamot trees, native to southern Italy, are small plants that produce a lemon-like citrus fruit; the extract is taken from the peel.

Borage
borage.jpg
Borage, a wildflower commonly called "starflower" for its blue five-pointed shape, is rich in nutrients and fatty acids that help to restore moisture and smoothness to damaged skin. It is powerful in skin barrier regeneration, and can restore moisture in the deeper layers of the dermis, helping to improve the suppleness and texture of skin over time.

Buckwheat Wax
buckwheat.jpg
Buckwheat Wax is a wax extracted from the seeds of the Buckwheat flower, a tough aquatic plant that grows in soggy environments. This active plays a vital role in antiaging treatments that reduce puffiness in the skin, especially in the area surrounding the eyes. It's powerful contouring effects help to brighten, tone and tighten thin, loosening skin that is sensitive to outside stressors.

Calendula
calendula.jpg
Calendula is a bright, sunny flower that grows happily in Mediterranean climates, and its extract has many benefits for the skin including powerful regenerating and healing qualities with antiseptic and antibacterial properties. Often used on dry and damaged skin for its ability to heal and hydrate, calendula is naturally restorative and imparts a healthy, nourished glow to the skin.

Carrot Seed Oil
carrots.jpg
An active antiaging ingredient in our Restorative Eye Creme, Carrot Seed Oil contains antiseptic, stimulant and tonic qualities that help to rejuvenate and stimulate delicate skin. Rich in beta-carotene, and vitamins B, C, D and E, this extract is perfect for nourishing and protecting mature and dry skin, as well as increasing elasticity and firmness.

Cocao
cocao-tree.jpg
Cocoa is rich in antioxidants, and when used in skincare its primary purpose is to fight the damage inflicted on the skin's cells by free radicals, which are caused largely by environmental stressors such as UV light and pollution. This damage in turn speeds up the skin's aging process. By protecting the dermis' internal structure from free radicals, they help reduce the damage caused by sun, slow the aging process, and maintain healthy cell regeneration for soft, radiant, youthful skin.

Narcissus Bulb
dafbulbs.jpg
Our Narcissus Bulb extract is carefully extracted from the dormant bulb of the Narcissus, or Daffodil flower - and contains the potent regenerative, revitalizing energy of the sleeping flower's cells. It has dramatic firming, wrinkle-reducing effects on the skin, and also promotes elasticity in the skin by increasing cell durability.

Date Palm
datepalm.jpg
Date Palm Extract plays a key role in our antiaging products as a powerful wrinkle treatment, both reducing the look of wrinkles and fine lines in the skin and preventing wrinkles from forming. By increasing type 1 collagen synthesis in the skin, Date Palm strengthens the internal network of collagen fibers that keep wrinkles at bay. Date Palm is a more effective antioxidant than vitamin C, and helps eliminate toxins from the cells of the skin as well as improves natural defense mechanisms against oxidative stress.

Eyebright
eyebright.jpg
Eyebright Flower, also known as Euphrasia, is a tiny, delicate white or lilac flower whose extract contains vitamins, beta-carotenes, antioxidants and astringent properties. Used for centuries as an herb to treat aliments of the eye, its extract is powerful for brightening the eye area - as the name suggests - and reducing inflammation.

Gotu Kola
gotukola.jpg
Gotu Kola has been used as a medicinal herb in Asia for centuries, and was typically used topically to heal the skin and treat psoriasis, wounds, minor burns and dermatitis. As an ingredient in skincare, it lends its powerful healing qualities to regenerate the skin by promoting collagen production It also aids in increasing skin firmness and elasticity and therefore helps to prevent the signs of aging.

Helichrysm
helichrysm.jpg
The essential oil of the Helichrysum flower, which grows in a flowery shrub and is native in dry climates around the world, contains powerful toning, regenerating and healing qualities. A powerful skin-healer, Helichrysum is very effective at healing stretch marks, acne and blemish scars, and rashes.

Raw Honey
honey.jpg
Our Raw Honey, sourced from our Vermont farm, is a powerful antioxidant that helps reinforce and protect the skin's natural defense mechanisms against oxidative and environmental stressors. It's also a natural humectant, which means it attracts and retains moisture from the environment around it. As an active moisturizing ingredient, it helps the skin stay at optimal hydration levels throughout the dry. Rich in Vitamins A, C, D, E, and K, raw honey nourishes the skin and helps it heal quickly.

Hyaluronic Acid
hyaluronic-acid.jpg
Hyaluronic Acid is a substance produced naturally by our skin in the deepest layer of the dermis, and is responsible for maintaining a cushioned, elastic environment where healthy collagen fibers can maintain their strength and shape. Over time, HA production in the skin naturally declines, so our HA helps to reinvigorate its natural production by up to 4x. Extracted from fermenting root vegetables, our HA is biocompatible and delivers hydration to the epidermis, where it contributes to a strong collagen network and actively prevents wrinkles and fine lines from forming.

Jasmine
jasmine.jpg
Jasmine flower, renowned across the world for its delicate beauty and uplifting scent, is cultivated for a number of uses, including for tea, aromatherapy and extracts. As an active ingredient in skincare, its therapeutic properties help to soothe inflamed skin, and it heals the skin with anti-inflammatory and anti-fungal properties. It also helps to soften and smooth the skin.

Linden Blossom
linden-blossom.jpg
Linden Blossoms grow on the Linden, or Lime, tree, which grow across Asia, Europe and eastern North America. The extracts of this flower have softening,and soothing properties that help to condition and heal the skin. It's uplifting, brightening qualities help to relieve tension in the skin as well as brighten the mood: the scent of the Linden blossom is lovely and its essential oil is used worldwide as a perfume ingredient.

Meadowsweet
meadowsweet.jpg
Meadowsweet is a perennial herb that has delicate, light-colored flowers that has a number of medicinal uses; for example, certain chemicals within the plant are used to relieve headaches. As an ingredient in skincare, meadowsweet is an antioxidant that helps to fight free radicals in the skin and prevent environmental aging. It also contains natural salicylic acid, which helps reduce acne breakouts, inflammation and congestion in the skin, and contributes to softer, smoother skin with beta hydroxy acids.

Menyanthes Trifoliata
menyanthes.jpg
Menyanthes Trifoliata is an extract from the flower of the Buckbean plant, which is a tough aquatic plant that grows in wet, boggy conditions across northern America and Canada. This extract helps tone the skin by rebuilding its youthful elasticity, and works together with the skin's natural antioxidizing properties to slow the effects of aging. A powerful antioxidant, Menyanthes stimulates collagen production and reduces loose, aging skin.

Orange Blossom
orange-blossom.jpg
Orange Blossom essential oil, or Neroli, is widely used in aromatherapy for a number of ailments including restlessness, depression, stress and tension. As an active ingredient in skincare, this essential oil helps to revitalize maturing or dry skin and reduce the look of wrinkles. Its antibacterial, antimicrobial properties help fight acne and blemishes, while its toning effect on the skin that helps reduce the look of enlarged pores. Its calming, restorative scent aids to the aromatic benefits of our skincare, and helps to reinvigorate the mind.

Pink Clay
pinkclay.jpg
French Pink Clay is a combination of red and white clays and is a mild substance that is suitable for all skin types. It has a regenerating, brightening effect on the skin, and is used to detoxify the skin, reduce pore size, and stimulate circulation. Its exfoliating, cleansing properties impart an overall refreshed appearance to the complexion.

Pomegranate Extract
pomegranate.jpg
Pomegranate Extract has a number of properties that make it a powerful active ingredient in cleansing, detoxifying facial products. Rich in antioxidants and vitamins B and C, Pomegranate extract promote cell turnover while nourishing the skin and fighting environmental damage. Its natural antiseptic and antibacterial properties help to tone, detoxify and ease congestion in the skin. Active enzymes literally digest dirt, debris and pollution in the pores, leaving the complexion with a deeply clean, refreshed feeling and appearance.

Roman Chamomile
romanchamomile.jpg
Roman Chamomile essential oil actively comforts, calms and balances the mind, producing an overall relaxing effect. It's warm, sweet scent contributes to the soothing effects of our Aromatic Bedtime Treatment. Used topically, it is soothing to the skin and is especially helpful in reducing muscle pain after exercise. Its anti-inflammatory properties help to calm inflamed skin and ease tension in the tissues.

Rose
rose.jpg
Rose Extract plays an important antiaging role in our Revitalizing Body Oil with its strong anti-inflammatory properties. By fighting enzymes in the skin that degenerate cells and contribute to aging, rose extract helps slow the aging process, improve the appearance of wrinkles, and skin elasticity.

Rose Otto
rose-otto.jpg
Rose Otto essential oil is widely used for its nourishing, conditioning, balancing and antiaging effects on the skin. It gives a boost of revitalization to lackluster skin with mild astringent properties that help to balance the skin's overall tone, by reducing redness. Its soothing scent contributes to the aromatic benefits of a skincare product, by contributing to a happy, balanced mood.

Safflower
safflower.jpg
Safflower extract is an active moisturizing ingredient that helps to preserve the skin's protective barrier and improve the skin's natural ability to retain lipids and hydration. Its moisturizing properties help to smooth rough patches of skin and soothe some skin problems and dryness.

Sandalwood
sandalwood.jpg
Sandalwood extract has a detoxifying effect on the skin by increasing microcirculation in the surface of the skin, allowing the dermis to digest and rid itself of toxins more efficiently. Sandalwood leaves the skin brighter, glowing and feeling tightened and refreshed - its calming, refreshing fragrance adds to the aromatic benefits of one's skincare regimen. Antimicrobial properties in its extract help to calm breakouts, heal blemishes and soothe itchy, irritated skin.

Spanish Lavender
spanishlavender.jpg
Spanish Lavender, a cousin of the Lavender flower that grows in similar climates but has a different scent and flower shape, is a powerful antiaging ingredient that helps decrease wrinkles in the skin, as well as inhibits muscle fibers from contracting. Applied to crows's feet wrinkles, this active ingredient showed a significant reduction in wrinkle depth after just 7 days of use; after just 2 hours, Spanish Lavender extract inhibits muscle contractions by 95%.

Willow Bark
willow-leaves.jpg
Willow Bark, a natural source of beta hydroxy acid, encourages cell renewal and sloughs off dead skin cells, allowing new cells to come to the surface. A natural source of salicylic acid, Willow Bark helps to fight and prevent acne breakouts, while reducing inflammation and redness.

Witch Hazel
witch-hazel.jpg
Witch Hazel, which is extracted from the bark of a North American shrub, has potent anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antimicrobial and astringent properties. It cleanses the skin, fights bacteria and helps to tighten skin and diminish the appearance of pores with its high tannin content. It's an effective ingredient for fighting microbial skin conditions, and for reducing redness and irritation for skin conditions such as eczema.